♪ Magic is real here ♪
♪ Far away from home ♪
♪ Anything can happen ♪
♪ When witches make the rules ♪
♪ Monsters are cool ♪
♪ The moon is our friend ♪
♪ I wanna stay with you ♪
♪ On Summer Camp Island ♪
Shhhhh!
Aha!
Shh!
Aah!
Shhh!
Phew!
Alright!
The door's finally fixed
so we can finally talk again.
Shh!
Come on, Oscar. Who needs
these killjoys anyways?
We can have all kinds of fun
on our own,
just the two of us.
Let those squares
have their dumb library.
Look I get it --
Rules are rules, right?
No! Wrong!
Rules are made
to help people,
and sometimes people need
to yell in the library,
or they need to dance
at the bank
or the grocery store.
Not every day, but maybe
just once in your life.
If you let yourself be real,
even just that once,
when you're young,
you get a lifetime of peace,
'cause every time
some kid gets excited
about getting
the goo goo berries
for the door-repair potion,
and he just has to shout,
and get the excitement out
so it can breathe and live,
every time that happens,
you'll think,
"Oh, yeah. I felt that way once,
when I was a kid.
I had to shout, too.
And I'm a nice guy or gal
or person,
so maybe he's a nice guy, too,
even though he yelled
in the library."
But not these guys.
They just hate being reminded
about how much they're babying
their way through life,
too scared to break a rule.
Well, who needs 'em, Oscar?
Who needs 'em?